##Cybersecurity ontology for Smart Devices (Semantic Web Technologies)

##ABSTRACT
Smart Homes, a subset of internet of things, gives everyone the opportunity to experience the benefits of high-tech home life. These smart devices use sensors as a form of controlling these systems in a network which are prone to challenges of sensitive information prone to malicious users. The main aim of this paper presents an approach to model ontology for Smart home ontology to monitor changes within the home using these devices sensor demonstrated using a Resource Definition Framework (RDF) and Web Ontology Language (OWL) semantic web technologies.

##INTRODUCTION
With the fast proliferation of the Internet of Things various special security vulnerabilities have arisen. A main challenge has been to tackle these security vulnerabilities prior to genuinely large- scale IoT use. It should also be highlighted that the usage of IoT technology in smart homes is in its initial stages, with most present ideas failing to fully leverage the promise of these technology for enabling incompatible structures and services.
Towards that end, proposing using a mixture of both innovations as currently proposed for creating a multi-layer cloud architectural prototype for IoT-based smart homes, where all relationships concern on diverse products and systems supplied by various suppliers would be correctly solved in a systematic way, Indeed, we propose that the integration of conceptual modelling and customer technologies can facilitate both interactivity and scalability in the case described above. As a result, ontology has been highlighted as a possible approach of addressing data, knowledge, and application heterogeneity, as well as building an authentication service architecture in smart homes. 

##SEMANTIC WEB
The structured architecture that enables applications to share information across many domains, with a focus on business and government systems. The focus of web semantic systems is on the framework for resource description (RDF), which incorporates XML applications of URI types.

**The Internet of Things (IoT) and Cloud Services in the Smart Household
IoT describes a prospect where a wide range of sensory devices and objects surrounding, like sensors, RFID tags, placement amenities, and portable devices, will be linked to the Internet, allowing these artifacts and gadgets to interact, work cooperatively, and interact in socioeconomic, ecological, and user contexts to accomplish project goals.

**Cloud Architecture Model with Multiple Layers for IoT-based Home Automation
With an ever-increasing number of data outlets in home automation, organized numerous sensor systems and control processor architectures attached via numerous wireless equipment, the primary problem comprises of accumulating, incorporating, and handling the massive amount of data generated by such sources in order to convert it into the knowledge required by smart services offered in the modern home..

